---
title: 'Benefits of Eating Apples: How to Keep the Doctor Away'
date: 2010-03-08 14:11:00 Z
---

Apples are the most popular and consumed fruits, and this is a good thing because there is an old proverb which says that ‘eating an apple a day keeps the doctor away.' Apples are so good because they provide many health benefits and significant improvements in the overall functioning of both body and mind; these interesting, tasty fruits contain substantial amounts of necessary nutrients like fibers, flavonoids and antioxidant, not to mention all the vitamins and other healthy substances.
Apples are thought to be efficient in treating different kinds of medical conditions like hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol, digestive issues, cardiovascular illnesses and even cancer, so we can say that this fruit is a nourishing, healthy whole-food aliment.

In this article, you will find out more about the possible health benefits and nutritive properties of the highly popular, tasty, colorful apples.
1. Boosting your brain and neurological functioning. There are some critical, conclusive medical studies which are mentioning about the fact that apples contain antioxidants, which will reduce the oxidation and inflammation of the brain by preventing brain cells damaging and mental degeneration. These late studies also revealed that the regular consumption of raw apples or apple juice could increase the production of acetylcholine in the brain, which is an essential and vital neurotransmitter for the health and proper functioning of the brain and the messages between the neurons, also help in treating mind degenerative illnesses like Alzheimer or dementia.
2. Apples are highly nutritious. These colorful fruits contain very small amounts of sodium, fat or cholesterol, so they are appropriate for a low-calorie diet in managing the body weight or treating medical conditions like obesity or other similar illnesses. Instead, apples contain good fibers, vitamin C, potassium, vitamin k, copper, manganese and other vitamins like A, E, B1, B12, and B6. They are also a great source of polyphenols, which can prevent cardiovascular disease, heart attacks or strokes.
3. Apples can decrease the levels of cholesterol. Because they contain many fibers and great amounts of a compound named pectin, apples can reduce the bad levels of high LDL cholesterol, and they can also prevent the clotting of blood vessels, which leads to atherosclerosis, a terrible heart disease. 
4. Apples help in weight management. Apples contain many fibers and low calories so that they can satisfy the hunger for a longer time, and you will not experience food craving or snaking between main meals, which means you will be able to control your body weight more efficiently. A late clinical study involving women with body weight problems proved that eating every day some dried apples as snacks, you can prevent cardiovascular diseases, high cholesterol and your body cells will also be rejuvenated and regenerated because apples contain many antioxidants and pectin substances.

We hope that now you are convinced of the fact that apples are special fruits richened with many nutrients like vitamins, fibers, and antioxidants which can protect your heart, overall body and your cognition functioning, so these are tasty natural barriers against many medical conditions.     