---
title: How to Get Your Energy Back Through Yoga
date: 2017-10-10 11:51:00 Z
---

It is no surprise for any of us right now, that life can already be pretty tricky on its own. Nobody needs fatigue added to that. Sometimes we wake up in the morning, and we are already tired, and we have to go to work or school, and we feel like we cannot do that to the best of our abilities. No one wants to live like that, but there are things you can do about it. Staying hydrated, eating breakfast and stuff like that will help, but the one thing that will get rid of your constant tiredness is yoga. In this article, we will look at some exciting poses that can boost our energy levels, helping us stay motivated and become satisfied and happy.

Yoga is an ancient discipline that connects the mind with the body and ideally balances them out so that you can become healthier and happier. Now let’s see how it can help us become more energetic, but at the same time enjoy our rest.

We will start with the “Bridge Pose”. This pose is not recommended for people with neck injuries, but it can still be done with a very experienced teacher watching you. Lay down on your back on your yoga mat (or the blanket that you use as a yoga mat). Bend your knees to the maximum and push your palms, arms, and feet down against the yoga mat. Slowly inhale through your nose, then exhale through your mouth and raise your tailbone toward the sky as much as you can. You should try to keep your knees parallel with your heels. Use this pose for about a minute and then slowly relax your entire body and exhale.
If you feel like you cannot keep your pelvis up that long, you can use any object you find around the house (like a small stool) as support. Rest your pelvis on it for the first few times and then try it without the support again. If you want to do more, you can try to stand on your tiptoes while in the pose, but it will be very challenging for you. Not only does this exercise reduce fatigue, but it also helps with anxiety, headaches, migraines, insomnia, menopause symptoms, menstrual cramps and poor digestion.

The next pose is called the “Cobra pose, ” and it is one of the easiest most relaxing poses. Unfortunately, this is not the right exercise for people with severe back injuries, carpal tunnel syndrome, migraines or women who are pregnant. We will enter this pose by lying down on our bellies on the yoga mat or its substitute. We are going to stretch our legs and feet back and our arms and hands forward. Bring the hands back along your body, and press the legs and the feet down into the floor. Place the palms of your hands down on the mat wherever it feels comfortable between the shoulders and the elbows. Slowly inhale through your nose and begin to push the arms into the floor, to lift your chest up. Lift as high as you can without taking the hip bones off of the floor. Exhale through your mouth, push the hip bones down into the floor and slowly lift your chin up.  You should feel a delightful stretch in your back. Harden the shoulder muscles. Inhale and keep the position for fifteen to thirty seconds, then exhale and release your body back to the mat. Do this a couple of times, as much as it feels comfortable for you. Do not overdo it.

If you consistently practice this pose, you can achieve stress relief and fatigue relief. It also stretches different muscle groups in your body, and it strengthens the spine and the abdomen. It can help people who have asthma.

Our third pose is called “Downward-Facing Dog pose”. It is very well-known because it is one of the basic poses of yoga. This pose is also not recommended for people with carpal tunnel syndrome, diarrhea, high blood pressure or migraines. It is okay to practice this if you are pregnant, but only if you are in your first trimester of the pregnancy. We start this position in “Tabletop pose”, which is basically on your hands and knees. Keep your knees parallel with your hips and your wrists parallel with your shoulders. Spread your fingers on the yoga mat, exhale through your mouth and lift yourself from the knees away from the floor. Stretch your tailbone and push it up towards the ceiling. Inhale and push your thighs back a little, while trying to keep your knees straight.  Relax your knees and bend them to the floor, while you are exhaling and rest for a couple of minutes. This pose highly energizes your body, while strengthening your entire core, shoulders, calves, thighs, and hands.

It can be helpful for numerous things like symptoms of menopause, stress relief, depression, menstrual discomfort, prevent different diseases and the most important thing: it fights insomnia and fatigue. If you want to challenge yourself a little bit, try to raise one of your legs while inhaling and keeping it in the same line as your torso for thirty seconds. Exhale through your mouth, release the leg and do the same thing on the other side.

The last pose we are going to talk about is called the “Lord of the Dance pose, ” and it may be a little challenging if you are just a beginner in yoga. We will begin by standing up straight, with our hands along our bodies. Inhale and then bend your left knee and lift your left foot up in the back, shifting your entire weight solely on your right foot.  Reach back with your left hand and hold your left foot by the ankle. Lift your left foot again as much as you can. Bring your right hand straight in front of you, as if you are pointing forward. Keep it as straight as you can. Try to stand in this pose for thirty seconds then exhale and release. Rest for a few seconds and repeat with the right foot.